Update README in section/06-dashboards (#130)
observability-lab-cse/observability-lab: README.md

# Observability Workshop

> Ths branch is a starting point for the [Section 6 (dashboards)](https://observability-lab-cse.github.io/observability-lab-workshop/06-dashboards/) of the [Observability Workshop](https://observability-lab-cse.github.io/observability-lab-workshop/). If you haven't completed previous steps and want to start the workshop from Section 6 you are in a good place! Check out this branch to get up to speed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This branch is a starting point for the [Section 6 (dashboards)](https://observability-lab-cse.github.io/observability-lab-workshop/06-dashboards/) of the [Observability Workshop](https://observability-lab-cse.github.io/observability-lab-workshop/). If you haven't completed the previous steps and want to start the workshop from Section 6, you are in the right place! Check out this branch to get up to speed.
```
